Our web app, Healthy Habits Tracker, provides many benefits in a workplace environment. When a user visits our web app, they first begin on a login and signup page where they may create an account or log into their already existing account. Whenever they sign up, their data is inputted into our Authentication database within Firebase which securely encrypts their personal info like passwords. They are also inputted into our Firestore Database as a user, containing their email, role, status, team, and their total contributions towards goals. 

After that, they will be sent to the home page meant for people not yet on a team where they are given two options. One option is to name and create their own team, making them a team leader and creating their team in the teams area of the database. The other option is to wait for another team’s leader to send an invite to them, and then accepting that invite, making them a team member and adding them to the teams’ documents as a member. 

As a team leader, the user has multiple actions that they can perform. They can create goals for their team with specific due dates and units, send team members notifications, and view an audit log for their team which gives information about what is happening within the team such as contributions towards goals and the contributor, goals being finished, and goals reaching their due date. With each action, there is also a timestamp as to when it happened. As the team grows and more logs arise, information can be hard to find, which is why the team leader may also search within the audit log by entering the date of or the action that was performed in the log that they are searching for through a search bar. As a team member, the user may add contributions toward team goals which helps the team progress as a whole. As the team members contribute, they begin upgrading their ranks like a game. Both the team leader and the team members can visualize progress toward respective goals through charts. As an admin, the user can see all users and teams and may delete them and their data at will. They can also add other users as admins.

In conclusion, with this web app, you’ll never have to worry about health risks and low morale among employees! Healthy Habits Tracker uses the world of code to keep employees healthy and increase morale among them through habit tracking, giving reminders and notifications to keep them on track, and progress visualization to motivate and help easily understand progress. On top of that, our reliable Firebase database keeps your data secure and safe.
